[Select] Improve description on how it extends the Input components (#24180)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/selects/selects.md

> ## Props

Reviewer: We don't use this heading in other docs pages. Should we?

Reviewer 2: Should we start using a section with `## Props`? Not sure, this doesn't feel very problem oriented.

Reviewer: Then we should remove it here?

Reviewer 2: No objections

Reviewer 2: That's probably a topic for another effort. Note that this structure is specific to v5, so we have recently improved it.

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer 2: This isn't the problem I was trying to solve. The objective was to teach developers that a Select is based as a custom `<input>` for the text field components.

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields). It uses the [Input](/api/input/), [FilledInput](/api/filled-input/) and [OutlinedInput](/api/outlined-input/) components, depending on the variant selected.
```

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer: The confusion comes from saying that it's implemented implemented on top of the text field component, when it isn't. I simply corrected that.

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer 2: What about?

```suggestion
The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element of the [InputBase](/api/input-base/).
It extends the [text field components](/components/text-fields) components like the [Input](/api/input/), [FilledInput](/api/filled-input/), or [OutlinedInput](/api/outlined-input/) depending on the variant selected.
```

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer: > The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element [built with] the InputBase

Why is that useful to know?

```suggestion
The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element of the [InputBase](/api/input-base/).
It extends the [text field components](/components/text-fields) subcomponents, either the [Input](/api/input/), [FilledInput](/api/filled-input/), or [OutlinedInput](/api/outlined-input/) depending on the variant selected.
```
It extends the [text field components](/components/text-fields) sub-components like the

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer 2: > Why is that useful to know?

As a developer I need to understand that the Select is an extension of the text fields components, that I don't need to customize the two individually, that I can reuse existing props

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer: I think you may have missed that I was asking about:

> The Select component is implemented as a custom <input> element [built with] the InputBase

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer: Also, should this text come after the examples? Coming before them could make it seem that the examples are using props from Input, when they are actually built-in props.

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer 2: @mbrookes No strong preferences, up to you 👼. My intuition would be that we don't have any description for the section, we might start adding content as an introduction, and only later consider folllow-up information

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer: > The Select component is implemented as a custom <input> element [built with] the InputBase

Why is that useful to know?

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer 2: For customizability, to understand where to start.

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer 2: But it's not really true. The Select component wraps the InputBase and inject a custom input as well.

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer: > For customizability, to understand the structure.
> For usage of the API, to understand how props are forwarded.

It sounds like it belongs in the API section in that case, but we don't go into that level of detail for other components.

> The Select component is implemented as a custom `<input>` element on top of the [text field components](/components/text-fields).

Reviewer 2: The other component that I can think of could benefit from teaching the same information is the ListItem with the button usage that creates a complex DOM structure.
